# Milestone #1 Reflection #
## Vanja Venezia ##

I decided against implementing any classes or header files for PA#3 so the first thing I did with this assignment was scrap the vast majority of my code. I rewrote my main to be simpler as well as edited and expanded the PpmDocument class and FileHelper header written in class. I added a WriteFile and renamed the FileHelper to ReadFile for legibility. I also wrote and implemented a Pixel class but left the ability to read just raw pixel data as strings rather than strictly Pixel objects, just in case I wanted to add any other effects eventually that might work better operating on specifically a string of numbers. I sectioned the effects off to an ImageEffects header that implements all of the image effects required for Milestone #1. None of the effects were difficult for me to implement, it was all pretty straightforward.

Where I ran into issues was when I was trying to write the edited PpmDocument to disk from main.cpp. To clarify, I could write a copy of the original image to disk but was having trouble accessing the edited PpmDocument. I ended up realizing that I was passing the PpmDocument to my function and even if I edited the original copied document, it was still "stuck" in the function. I then decided to make all my image effects functions return a PpmDocument and it fixed pretty much all of the problems I was experiencing outside of a few sloppy lines of code and missing syntax that I then cleaned up.

Overall, quite a fun project so far and I'm very much enjoying the process. I actually am enjoying the project so much that I just finished Milestone #2 in class before writing this. Considering implementing additional functionality outside of what is required, but I'm not sure what direction to take it yet.