# Milestone #3 Reflection #
## Vanja Venezia ##

Milestone 3 was certainly the most difficult milestone for me thus far. The horizontal and vertical flips were quite easy, the rotation wasn't much trouble, the pixellation was a bit weird because I was unsure exactly how we were supposed to implement the function, and suprisingly, the blur was the primary headache for me. The Pixelate function was easy to code after I was suggested to automatically set the pixel scale to fit cleanly within the image, when I was unsure about how to handle that it seemed much harder. With the blur, I'm still not really sure why my logic wasn't working or why it started working. At first I was iterating through the X dimension and then the Y dimension as that's what I felt was implied by the Milestone 3 Blur description. However, upon realizing I needed to do both simultaneously to make it even (as opposed to a motion blur), I tried just pasting the logic from both together and it really didn't work. I ended up rewriting the logic on a case by case basis for edge-checking where every possible edge case is accounted for and checked sequentially. The final format of the Blur function hasn't changed but when I first switched to the longform sequential if/else format, I kept getting out of bounds errors, it seemed like the logic was failing to trigger properly. I sort of just fuddled around with it for a while and ended up using variables for X=max and Y=max edge-handling and looping instead of the previous dataYX.size() - 1 and dataYX[irow].size() - 1 which seemed to help. Overall, this was a decently challenging assigment and I had a lot of fun doing it. I have some ideas for implementing further features alongside the GUI in Milestone 4.