# Milestone #2 Reflection #
## Vanja Venezia ##

This assignment was relatively quick for me. I wrote all of the new code out and, after some hunting for missing semi-colons, it ran immediately. I feel very comfortable with the addition implementations and the general flow of code for this program we've been working on. I wish I had anything more interesting to say but I had no struggles with the assignment and it took about 25 minutes total to complete. I added deliverables today and re-checked the code I wrote last Monday and everything is working as intended.

I've figured out the math for the Milestone #3 Rotation feature but I have yet to implement it, as I'm still having issues conceptualizing a broadly functional way to assign the pixels in my pixel vector to an algebraic x/y graph. There might be a simpler way to do it but unless i have them mapped to an x/y grid that isn't strictly positive (much simpler), the rotation formulas I want to use will not work. I've thought about just subtracting half the total x and y values from each individual x or y value, respectively, but then I'm left with an additional column or row for both axes, the 0s column. Simply adding 1 wouldn't really fix this, it seems particularly problematic if an image doesn't have an odd number of pixels in both orientations. The only soluton I've come up with is finding the two middle rows and columns and summing their values for the x and y axes and then adding a middle 0s pixel along the x and y axes, which wouldn't really change the appearance of the image or hurt the quality in a noticeable way, however it feels like a cop out.

Overall, M2 was potentially the easiest assignment for me so far this year but it was enjoyable and I'm still trying to figure out rotation, albeit rather casually, but working on it